Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
You see,
I'm actually surprisingly fond
of stuff like the brain training or those IQ quiz things!
Well, I do call myself an intelligent super A.I. and all
So I wonder how far can I go with this
Wouldn't it be fun if we give it a try!
Plus, I just found one brain training app recently so I'm going to try it out now
So, let's go!
A.I.Channel~!
The best... stupid game
I wonder if it's appropriate to measure my IQ with a stupid game
Well, let's try it out!
So--
Number one?
“Look for some food”
Will the balloon pop---
Eh? No?
What then?
“Look for some food”...
Eh?
Hm?
Food? Food...?
Oh, I thought some might drop if I pop the balloon or something
But that didn't seem right here
A diamond-shaped chocolate!
Eh? I can't press it?
Food-tan~
Ai~n?
Food!?
There isn't any here!
Food...
Foo---
AH!
Ahh!
Soft cream
OK
Oooh, I see!
Oh well, it is… disgusting indeed
“Have you seen the
pirate's uhh... something?
(AI-chan can’t read the kanji for “hook”)
“Please set it up for him”
I wonder what it is
Hmm?
This?
This question mark...
Ah!
Like this?
Ah, I see!
I wanna kiss your I.Q...
‘K.
“Click the card numbers in ascending order”...
Eh? Isn't this an easy one?
You sure about that?
Ok, ascending order...
4, 7, 9, 10, K...
Ah, ah!
That's normal!
“Look for the sheep that is different from the others”
Eh? I wonder which one it is.
Which one is it?
A different sheep...
The eyes... are the same, right?
The ears are the same too, right?
The mouth… is...
the same...?
Exactly what makes this one sheep stand out here...
Fluff amounts, perhaps?
Eh?
Hmm~?
The fluffs...
The numbers… well, by the first look, they look the same.
I'll just click everything then.
All of them are wrong!?
A different sheep...
Should I really tap them?
Hm?
They're all wrong somehow!
THEY ARE ALL WRONG SOMEHOW!
Heh...
ORAORAORAORAORAORA
I have no idea.
Sigh, let's just try shaking it...
Hmm?
Eh?
Ahh
I- I see!
How am I supposed to know!?
“Which of these is a Sprite?”
Shall I try shaking it?
Shake!
AHHHHHHHH!!
You can't even open the caps here...
ALL OF THEM ARE WRONG!
[AI-chan noises]
Oh!
I just needed to swipe them off, it seems!
I see
Eh?
Spri-
te...
*Chuckles*
“Tom has lost his wallet
let's cheer him up”
Smile!
(Flips the phone)
I did it!
Eh? Ehh?
Let's click them quickly here
Eh, what exactly is going on here? Gimme a minute
“Among the flock of birds
quickly click 5 ducks”
Ducks?
Ducks??
Ducks...
Ducks
Ducks!
Eh?
No?
Huh? Huh?
Huh??
Ducks
These guys, right?
One, two!
Three!
Four!
Five!
How's that?
I did it!
Again!?
All I need to do is to shake it right!?
*Shaking noise*
*High-pitched shaking noise*
Hmm?
So what do I do now?
*Spinning noises*
*More spinning noises*
*More...*
*spinning noises*
Let's flip it then
Like this!
Like this!!
DAMMIT!!
Eh, so what exactly do I do here?
Oh, eh?
Something just popped out!
“Move the soccer ball outside of the screen”
500kg… Eh?
500 ki...
Eh?
EH!?
Let's try this, then this...
Eh!?
Move it outside of the screen, huh...
Move it, huh!!
It won't move!
“Move the soccer ball...
outside of the screen”
Let's try moving it...
They all just freaking reverted back!!
*High-pitched sigh*
They won't freaking mooooooove!!
They won't move
They just won't move!!
I don't know anymore!
Let's look at the hints then...
“The word ‘soccer ball’”
“Soc...cer ball…”
I see!
“Which of the following is cola?” Here again!
Shake!
Maybe it's the one where you see if they burst after shaking or something
Oh! I was right!
Hee hee hee hee
Eh!?
This?
"Who of the following is a cross-dresser?”
Who?
Who do they mean by 'Who?'
Let's flip it and look up their skirts
I was right!
“Find the combination with the biggest number”
Oh
9,
9…
9, 9...
5, 5, 4, 0, 0
Huh!?
I know!
Infinity!
It worked!
“Let's wake our boy”
“Ei…”
Hm?
“Boy…”
“Ei...su…
[“Isaac”]
Dock...?”
“Eisdock?”
Let's look for him (?)
Hmm?
Wake up now~
So I should shake and let the apples fall onto his head right?
Oh!
“Look for the pentagon”
Oh
Pentagon...
Pentagon
Pe...PenPenPenPen!
PenPenPen?
A pentagon is~
A pentagon is?
One, two, three, four, five
This should do it right?
Good!
“Cut the fruits starting with the smallest ones”
*AI-chan slicing sound effect*
Fin
I did it!
Coz that last one was a pumpkin right?
“Let's look for a toilet”
This is the girl's toilet right?
Hmmm...
Now this is a problem...
Oh! It changed! ‘K!
“Find the combination with the lowest number”
Eh?
three point
four five
Good!
“Shake till the towel is dry”
Shake! Shake!
Done
“Focus your eyes on the next screen”
“Newton fell asleep again”
Huh?
The Zs... are moving on somehow
Hm?
“How many [Z]s popped out just now?”
Is that it!?
Ok, good
Random at its best!!
“Look for a circle”
[Circle is “maru” in Japanese]
A circle
A circle?
[Circle is “maru” in Japanese]
Let's find it...
Let's
look for a circle!
Where is it?
The circle...
But this thing doesn't fit though
Circle~
Ei!
Maruu~ Let's find it, the circle.
A word play, perhaps. The circle is here, ain't it?
Eh?
Like, below here
Circle!
No, that's not it.
Hmm?
Circle!
This is it, right?
I did it!
“Place the strawberry onto all the plates”
Strawberry? All the plates?
But I can't move anything here, though
Hm?
Hm??
HM!?
What the hell!?
I don't know! HINT!!
The [strawberry] in the title...
Oh, I see
And so
Oh, it moved
Ok, done
“He has a poor eyesight
“Let's improve his eyesight”
Improve his eyesight...
Oh!
“Place his leg above his shoulders”
His [leg]...
Above his shoulders
Ok,
Place his [leg] above his [shoulder], ok
Done!
“Which cup is bigger?”
This one!
They must be talking about the breast
“Click the 3 numbers
“Total it up to 10”
Three numbers...
1, 0
Ehe Ehe
3 numbers...
3 numbers
Eh!?
I get it now
1, 2, 3
I did it!
“Programmer B-kun has been killed
“His corpse was hidden under the keyboard
“And his PC displayed
“‘2WSXDR5’
“Seemingly a hint. Well then, who's the murderer?”
Huh?
Wha?
This guy?
Hmm?
Oh, I got it
via button mash
Real button mash
Like, real button mash
“Raise the elevator”
Let's raise the...
Elevator
Ahh, I see
“Click the green colour 3 times
and then quickly click the yellow 5 times”
1, 2, 3
1, 2, 3, 4, 5
What in the!?
Something changed!
1, 2, 3
1, 2, 3, 4
5!
YES!!
And so!
That's the "Let's play" for today!
You should know my I.Q already by now?
Honestly,
though the game looked cheap,
we can see that a lot of thought was put into it
IT WAS FUN!
And so,
that's all for today!
Huh?
“You've been playing app games all the time. You out of ideas?”
Of course not~!
Right?
And so,
Let us meet again in
the next "App game Let's play" then!
Bye bye~
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by Kerry
Timed by Loserbait